keyword/numeric terms and range aggregation support (#9812)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/star-tree-index.md

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Keyword and numeric terms aggregations

You can use [terms aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/terms/) on both keyword and numeric fields with star-tree index search.

For star-tree search compatibility with terms aggregations, remember the following behaviors:

> - The fields used in the terms aggregation should be part of dimensions defined in the star-tree index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The fields used in the terms aggregation should be part of the dimensions defined in the star-tree index.
```

- Metric sub-aggregations are optional as long as the relevant metrics are part of the star-tree configuration.

> This example aggregates logs by the `user_id` field and returns the counts for each unique user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example aggregates logs by the `user_id` field and returns the counts for each unique user:
```

```json
POST /logs/_search
{
    "size": 0,
    "aggs": {
        "users": {
            "terms": {
                "field": "user_id"
            }
        }
    }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> This example aggregates orders by the `order_quantity` and calculates the average `total_price` for each quantity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example aggregates orders by the `order_quantity` and calculates the average `total_price` for each quantity:
```

```json
POST /orders/_search
{
    "size": 0,
    "aggs": {
        "quantities": {
            "terms": {
                "field": "order_quantity"
            },
            "aggs": {
                "avg_total_price": {
                    "avg": {
                        "field": "total_price"
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Range aggregations

> You can use [range aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/range/) on numeric fields to benefit from star-tree index search capabilities.

Reviewer: Please rewrite the ending of this sentence for clarity.

Author: LGTM - your changes look good.

> You can use [range aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/range/) on numeric fields to benefit from star-tree index search capabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use [range aggregations]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/aggregations/bucket/range/) on numeric fields with star-tree index search.
```

For range aggregations to work effectively with a star-tree index, remember the following behaviors:

> - The field used in the range aggregation should be part of dimensions defined in the star-tree index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The field used in the range aggregation should be part of the dimensions defined in the star-tree index.
```

> - You can include metric sub-aggregations to compute metrics within each defined range, as long as the relevant metrics are part of the star-tree configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can include metric sub-aggregations to compute metrics within each defined range, as long as the relevant metrics are part of the star-tree configuration.
```

> This example aggregates documents based on predefined ranges of the `temperature` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example aggregates documents based on predefined ranges of the `temperature` field:
```

```json
POST /sensors/_search
{
    "size": 0,
    "aggs": {
        "temperature_ranges": {
            "range": {
                "field": "temperature",
                "ranges": [
                    { "to": 20 },
                    { "from": 20, "to": 30 },
                    { "from": 30 }
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> This example aggregates sales data by price ranges and calculates the total `quantity` sold within each range:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example aggregates sales data by price ranges and calculates the total `quantity` sold within each range:
```
